Infrastructure Processes View Update (#20681)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/process/_index.md

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/datadog/values.yaml
{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab "ECS Fargate" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tab "AWS ECS Fargate" %}}
```

> In order to collect processes, the Datadog Agent must be running as a container within the Task.

Author: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">You can view your ECS Fargate processes. To see their relationship to ECS Fargate containers, use the Datadog Agent v7.50.0 or later.</div>

In order to collect processes, the Datadog Agent must be running as a container within the Task.
```

> To collect process information in ECS Fargate, add the `PidMode` term to the Task Definition and set it as follows:

Reviewer: Looking at other tabs here (Linux, Docker, helm) they list configuration for the `process_config.process_collection enabled`, directly or via env vars, we should include this here since these are expected to be complete instructions to enable the Agent.

Reviewer 2: Do you know what the config would look like in ECS? [This link](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/ecs_fargate/?tab=awscli) shows how to configure the Datadog agent on ECS Fargate, but I don't see anything about enabling process collection specifically.

Reviewer 3: Should we have a link to the AWS docs regarding to what PidMode is?

I just looked at the docs at: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#other_task_definition_params

Also, AWS calls this a task definition parameter, maybe something like this?
```suggestion
To collect process information in ECS Fargate, add the `PidMode` parameter to the Task Definition and set it to `task` as follows:
```

```text
"pidMode": "task"
```

> Once enabled, use the `AWS Fargate` Containers facet on the [Live Processes page][1] to filter processes by ECS or EKS, or enter `fargate:ecs` or `fargate:eks` in the search query.

Reviewer: Do we need to mention `fargate:eks` here?

Reviewer: Actually since this tab is for ECS Fargate - should we drop mentioning EKS entirely?

Reviewer 2: Ah good point, yes we should drop it.

{{< img src="infrastructure/process/fargate_ecs.png" alt="Processes in AWS Fargate" >}}

> For more information about using Amazon ECS on AWS Fargate, see the [ECS Fargate integration documentation][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using Datadog Agent with AWS ECS Fargate, see the [ECS Fargate integration documentation][2].
```

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/datadog/values.yaml
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "AWS ECS Fargate" %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">You can view your ECS Fargate processes in Datadog. To see their relationship to ECS Fargate containers, use the Datadog Agent v7.50.0 or later.</div>

In order to collect processes, the Datadog Agent must be running as a container within the Task.

To collect process information in ECS Fargate, add the `PidMode` term to the Task Definition and set it as follows:

```text
"pidMode": "task"
```

Once enabled, use the `AWS Fargate` Containers facet on the [Live Processes page][1] to filter processes by ECS, or enter `fargate:ecs` in the search query.

{{< img src="infrastructure/process/fargate_ecs.png" alt="Processes in AWS Fargate" >}}

For more information about using Datadog Agent with AWS ECS Fargate, see the [ECS Fargate integration documentation][2].

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/process

> [2]: /integrations/ecs_fargate/

Author: ```suggestion
[2]: /integrations/ecs_fargate/
[3]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#other_task_definition_params
```
